Get into a group of players where it consists of 2-5 players.
Take a deck of cards and shuffle them (take out the Jokers).
After shuffling, divide them evenly among each players randomly where the cards are faced down.
Have one person start and go in a pattern of placing down the cards in the middle randomly where the person with the cards are not able to see their numbers or faces (clockwise or counterclockwise preferably).
If the card placed has a number on it; 
  The next player has to place a card.
If the player places a card that is of a different number;
  The next player goes.
Else (); If the player places a card that is of a face (Jack, Queen, King, or Ace);
  The next player has to place the designated amount of cards according the face value.
If the player puts a card that is a number that does not apply to any of the rules;
  The next player goes.
Else (); If the player is able to place a card that creates either a sandwich;
  Any of the players are able to slap the deck to obtain the cards.
  All of the players are not required to slap the deck.
Else (); If the player is able to make a stack of the same number or face;
  Any of the players are able to slap the deck to obtain the cards.
  All of the players are not required to slap the deck.
Else (); If the player is able to make a staircase, for example a 3,4,5, only through a King or Ace;
  Any of the players are able to slap the deck to obtain the cards.
  All of the players are not required to slap the deck.
Else (); If a card that is placed that is of another face;
  The person who is placing for the face card gets to stop placing the designated amount of numbers.
  the next person who goes has to place down the designated amount of cards that corresponds with the face.
Else (); If the person fails to put down cards by putting down numbers that do not either make the requirements;
  The person who placed down the face card obtains all of the cards in the middle of the stack.
If none of the rules are applied and a player slaps;
  The player must “burn” take away one card from their stack and place it on the bottom of the stack
The number at the bottom is not the number going to be used for the sandwich rule.
While someone slaps the deck with the rules applied or gains the cards;
  They get the cards.
  The person who gets the cards starts the game.
If a player has all the cards from the beginning;
  That player has won the game.
  The game is done.
Else (); if a player is out of cards and the game is still going on between the other players (must be 3-5 players);
  They are able to slap back into the game by using the rules of the game to obtain the cards.
